do you guys remember smellivision that
kind of concept that came out since TVs
have been around where you can smell the
media you're listening to well this is
that but for video games wow this is a
lot bigger than it looks in the photos
actually this is called the game scent
and it can dispense up to six different
smells using I know everyone's least
favorite word AI but that way it's
actually compatible with every video
game or movie we'll get into that a
little bit further but let's look at the
rest in the box we have our audio stream
adapter so this is actually what the AI
part is using here and last but not oh I
can already smell
it these are the six cents that it comes
with
here including racing cars apparently it
comes with six but they have way more
listed on the box such as Napal human
exertion ocean golf course I've never
been to a golf course so I can't really
speak on that one there we have gunfire
this is the one I think that is like the
default one you're supposed to use all
the time we also have
explosions Forest I don't know how that
would be much different than golf course
but it's green right clean air oh yeah
this one you can actually use if you
want to get rid of all the rest of the
odors what does it blast into the air to
cancel it we'll find out uh and storm
and then pulling out our audio stream
adapter here wow this is really like
really light I'm is there anything in
there it's got an onoff switch an audio
port an HDMI out an HDMI in and an audio
in and that's because again this is the
box that does all the AI calculations so
you just plug your device into this and
then able to run this to your speakers
or your TV down the line so let's look
at the actual core part which is the
atomizer here
inside oh my goodness that's how you get
it open it's very tough I guess this is
where you can put your six cents and
like I said gunfire is right there so I
think that one you can't change we'll go
into the app a little bit later but the
rest of them you just pull them out
they're these kind of little straw
looking things and they have some Pogo
pins on them as well that connect with
Pogo pins in here and that's how it will
send the signal to hey make it smell
like War so we're going to plug in our
audio stream adapter and even though it
has an HDMI it actually doesn't use any
of the video signal to help tell what it
sent it's going to release it only
extracts the audio from HDMI in our case
because we're not going to a different
TV we're just going to plug in the 3.5
mm Jack here plugging into the audio
inside and our headphone jack plugging
in our USB for power
in and USB awesome now all we should
have to do hold the power button for 2
seconds and then the light will go on
hey there we go and we're since again
we're going to be using the 3.5 we're
going to actually make sure we switch it
to the audio not the HDMI signal there
okay so this is actually an adapter that
is able to go with your consoles reason
being is your headset cable might need
to actually break out so that way you
can have both your headset and this
device plugged in at the same time so
they give you a nice little y splitter
there that's kind of cool so that way
this is really close to your console
this goes all the way to your head and
now we power up the big boy plugging in
our USBC power all right let's turn this
bad boy on you have to hold the power
button for 2 seconds according to the
app it's on so using the game sent app
that's where you're going to go in and
actually pair both this device and this
device to your Wi-Fi network and then
from there once it's paired you actually
get to see all six of your scents here
and this is where you can also then
change and customize them but they're
not in there right now so I don't really
know why it's at 99% I guess maybe when
we actually put the scent in we'll find
out but this is also where you can
customize and change it so if I was to
hold a explosive cuz I bought the blood
scent I could CH oh blood's not even in
there neither is what did you just shoot
out at me there's nothing in
you that is a horrible horrible smell it
smells like old gunfire it doesn't smell
like gunfire just happened which is kind
of weird but I guess we'll actually plug
in the bottle and find out here where's
my gunfire are the bottles themselves
just little oh okay that's kind kind of
cute 1.69 Oz nice let's open this bad
boy up because how you install these is
then you'll take your atomizer part you
put it sorry oh crap it's really
strong I don't know how oh man it's a
weird smell I don't know how to describe
it can you guys smell it from there it
smells like someone's clothes red of
marijuana and they sprayed cologne on
them well there you go that's gunfire
apparently marijuana and cologne all
right so you then you just screw your
cap on here nice and tight and then you
can place it back in and boom gunfire is
installed will it refresh and show me
that I'm at 100% now no I'm still at 99%
but that's okay let's get the rest of
them installed really quick whoa that
looks like someone
did that would have been bad this looks
like someone did not drink enough water
throughout the day this is racing cars
so maybe it'll smell like petrol and
rubber burnt rubber
smells like urine maybe that's where the
color came from but guess or no
definitely no asparagus all right now
that that's all installed we'll put our
cap back on top and we're going to try
triggering it manually through the app
you can just unpause it and then click
on one of them such as
Forest
oo that one's pretty good that one
smells like it did when I opened the
bottle just smells like you just went
out for a nice walk sto
warm
okay that one does not smell as nice it
smells kind of like detergent clean
air well that one went off for a long
time I see how it could be refreshing
but it does not clean the rest of the
scents that are around me right now this
probably isn't healthy right I'm
basically just breathing gamer Vape
juice we're going to see how that AI
actually works in game here pretty quick
but not before you guys get a whiff of
our sponsor thanks to manscape for
sponsoring this video If you're looking
for a way to quickly take care of your
bits manscapes on the case with her
performance package 5.0
Ultra includes the lawn mower 5.0 Ultra
so you can mow the lawn as well as the
weed whacker 2.0 for your ears and nose
fellas so it doesn't look like a crack
in is trying to escape from up there
you'll even get their crop Soother and
crop preserver which keep you smelling
fresh down in your nether regions
elevate your grooming game this year
with manscaped check out the performance
package 5.0 at manscape.com and use code
circuit for 20% off and free shipping on
their website one of the games they
showcase is Forza Horizon 5 here we are
in Forza let's start driving around oh
there we go immediately triggered the
storm the wrong one immediately that's
okay it's totally sunny in our game
right now so I'm kind of sad it
triggered storm but maybe it's just
environment oh there you go that's the
racing
one I am much more immersed now guys I
can't imagine imine people actually
wanting to game like this but I guess
it's kind of a cool concept lonus
actually opened one very similar on the
LTT channel four years ago and I think
he probably came to the same conclusion
I didn't watch that video this is very
interesting and it's kind of limiting
that you only get six cents but maybe
we'll get some more in a bit I'm
drifting through bushes now I want to
trigger the forest effect the smell does
linger though like I I it's kind of
filling this whole space with just a mix
of smells right now and it's not very
pleasant I won't lie I'm not sure how
clean is detected if clean air is one
that I always have to trigger or if
clean air will go also based off
whatever its AI model thinks it is there
we go now we're in like a wooded forest
area so now the forest smell has to go
right I hit a tree does that help dang
it now you might be thinking just plug
into the HDMI right but like I said it
only takes the HDMI audio I kind of wish
it could whoa whoa It's in forest
nice now I'm immersed sorry I got
distracted there I think what I would
like to see maybe they can do it through
updates or something is it actually uses
vision of some sort to look and go oh
yeah that's a tree we'll give you more
more Forest now but as of right now it
only triggered once so I have a massive
headache right now by the way this the
scent is very overwhelming should we try
red dead so we can get gunfire so far I
don't think I would just casually set
this in my living room and invite
friends over to play Red Dead I'm
curious I'm going to refresh the
cartridges here I want to see if it's
used no they're still all at 99% which
is fine apparently all the bottles claim
they can do between 4 and 5,000 sprays
which if it's triggering once every 60
seconds or so that seems like it could
actually last you like a pretty good
amount of time they don't have prices
for just the cents though yet online
they have the price for the whole kit
which comes with the six it says they're
going to offer the sents separately but
if you go on their Amazon store or their
website it it doesn't link you to
anything yet it only links you to the
device as a whole honestly the website
as a whole feels very not complete and
it makes me kind of wonder what the
future of this device even is if you
were to buy into it now the more I smell
each scent
though the worse they get oh there we go
all right Arthur Morgan let's go shoot
some people so we can test the gunfire
this should trigger
it oh there we go
gunfire smells like the Wild
West oh crap I'm going to die the storm
is really bad here see now the storm
should go off but maybe it's cuz it's a
winter storm it's not the
same
oh okay I guess it did trigger so those
last two games were actually repped on
their website but once again they claim
any game so we're going to try Counter
Strike so we can get the last one to go
off which is explosion I'm kidding I'm
not going to play with track pad I want
to actually oh oh it triggered
explosion doesn't smell like I've
smelled that one before what have you
ever been exploded that's true I've
never been involved in explosion gunfire
go hey there you go there's gunfire all
right buy grenade I'm going to throw
this grenade in this corner and I want
to just see if it
triggers it was delayed but it did
trigger that's an explosion it still
smells like the marijuana and clone like
I it doesn't smell like I mean again
I've never held a hand grenade trying to
trigger gunfire now there we
go they do smell different gunfire and
explosion I think gunfire is an easier
scent to my nose explosion makes me want
to throw up a little bit the way I would
describe gunfire is there's less
marijuana and more cologne and the way I
would describe explosion is there's more
marijuana and less cologne both are not
pleasant though and I don't know if I
would just casually play Counter Strike
with them going off it's supposed to
work with any type of media right so we
should be able to just go YouTube it's
got an advertisement okay what does an
ad smell
like there's like birds chirp oh hey it
triggered
Forest it's like I'm right there with
them
whoa okay it is really distorting my
audio it's doing this
weird style
sound that's really disappointing but
let's try uh let's try like a trailer
here oh that was prime time for the
racing to go off really just showed a
car like driving and drifting for being
a racing trailer it has not triggered
the racing sound effect or the racing
smell oh there we go now we got racing I
don't know if that's the smell I would
just use to describe the scene I just
saw though and I think that's a big
takeaway from this is just because it's
a racing smell that scene was more of a
burnout and I didn't smell a burnout so
it's not quite oh gunfire the scene was
over for about 10 seconds there so we
saw it work in some situations but not
others but does that make it a bad or
good product I don't know it's $150
right now on Amazon that comes with the
6 cents that you saw here today and
maybe if each bottle is $10 a refill
that's okay $60 to fill the whole thing
I don't know it's going to only matter
on how long they last and if they even
start selling the bottles in the first
place cuz you might just be a onetime
use and my other thought is I don't see
people just casually setting this up and
having it in their house or their room
maybe the market is streamers or
YouTubers that are trying to do a I
smelled my video game challenge I think
even if in a perfect situation
everything worked great the smells were
able to get bought again I don't think I
could have this in my house I $150 is a
lot of money for a gimmick and that
didn't really add to my experience I
didn't feel more immersed when the
gunfire went off or when the racing went
off I just kind of got annoyed in a
headache and another thing to be
considered about is if you live with
someone sure in my audio I can turn my
headphones down or I can turn my
speakers down I can't turn the smell
down and if I'm in an 800 foot apartment
or something everyone's going to start
smelling this if you wanted better
immersion for $150 maybe go check out
that short circuit on the elite
controller we did it's got paddles the
vibrations way better in it it's a
pretty good video